minus 1 into the step function plus the window length. So you're taking a look at the previous window also because of this window length. So that leads to better reconstruction when we are doing this Hanning window. Okay. Again, this is going a bit more into the maths. I'll leave it up to you. You can take a look at it. But this is just telling you that how you are adding those non-overlapping windows. Right. So window H is defined as this. So window KH, this is your K minus LH. So the previous one that you had, LH by 2 into XK. Right. And the subsequent windows have non-zero overlapping portions like we discussed. Right. So subsequent windows, there'll be like 50% overlap. So you have to decide what is the overlap you want. If you want more overlap, it reduces the computational cost. No. It increases the computational cost. Right. Because if you have more overlap, it reduces the computational cost. Right. So you have more overlap, it reduces the overlap. Then you'll have more windows to operate with. So that increases your computational cost. Whereas if you have lesser overlap, then there is more, there can be more discontinuity between two windows. Right. So reconstruction can be hampered. So in order to maintain the balance, you have to pick it up somewhere in the middle so we can operate the 50% overlap between the two windows. Okay. So, so you have this XK, H minus 1. Which is your previous window plus XH. And you have all of these formulations. Right. So essentially this window that you get, this window K, this will be a combination from both of them that you consider after overlapping. Right. And if you want to know the details, you want to further understand the maths of it. It's not very complicated. But if you want to understand the maths behind it, you can take a look at, it's there in the book that is there. Okay. So that is the basic crux. Of it. A window signal is transmitted or processed in this manner. So you have the reconstructed that you get. So you have this window signal between the window. What is the signal? Plus there is some kind of an error, K, H. So whatever is the discontinuity or something that can be processed. Right. And when you combine, then you, then you'll have these transmission errors from both. This is your reconstruction error, essentially. So we are talking, we are taking the estimate. Right. This cap always used to represent your, when you're, doing machine learning. So you would represent Emily as X cap, right? The, whatever is the estimate of that. So this is your estimated, and this is your original, because if you're reconstructing, so if you have done the processing and you are reconstructing it, it should be equivalent to the original signal, obviously. Right. But it's not always the case. There's some kind of error that comes in. So that is your reconstruction error, which is this. So for every window, you will have a reconstruction error. And then when you combine that for, the entire series that you have for all the windows, that will be a reconstruction error for the entire signal that is there. Right. So what is the, what is the process that we follow? You have an input signal. You perform this windowing. So input signal is windowed. You perform the Fourier processing, whatever processing you want to do. You synthesize back and you give the output signal. Let's say if you have to do reconstruction, then you can do the reconstruction. If you want to do any kind of pre-processing, for example, you can do the reconstruction. For example, it is TTS or not TTS. If it is a speech to text, if it is recognition, any of those sorts of things, you can process it in that manner and give out the output signal that is there. Right. So this is, this is the major crux of your hand windowing and similarly, the hamming operates. Right. So the reconstruction that you have, that you would have in your hamming, is the reconstruction. Right. So the reconstruction that you have, that you would have in your hamming, is the reconstruction. The hamming window might be a bit higher, considering what kind of signal it is. And it is not, it is not universally that hamming will always have higher reconstruction error. Right. There's something in machine learning community. Do you know what is a no free launch theorem? Anybody knows no free launch theorem? Right. No free launch theorem. So no free launch. So no free launch. So no free launch. So no free launch. So no free launch. So no free launch. So no free launch. So no free launch. So no free launch. It's as simple as that. For every problem statement, you have to earn your lunch. And when I say you have to earn your lunch, that means you have to figure out which is the best pre-processing model, which is the best feature extractor, which is the best classifier for every problem at hand. So if I'm making a statement that deep learning is, so there's no universal classifier per se. Right. For every problem statement, for every data type. Right. The solution can change. So you have to figure out what it is. If you take a subset of the data, the classifier, the SOTA, like we call it in ML community. What is a SOTA? A state of the art algorithm on a given data set for a given problem statement. You take a subset of the data, the problem changes. You take different. The solution changes. You take a different distribution of the data. The problem, the best solution can change. And if you change the problem statement itself, then. Right. Obviously it will change. So that is what we're saying that hamming, panning generally outperforms when, because like, like we say, right. Key. We often fit Gaussian distribution to every kind of data. There is. Right. Reason. Anybody knows the reason why we fit Gaussian distribution to everything that we know? There's so many other distributions, right? Chi square is there. Poisson is there. Binomial is there. Why do we fit Gaussian to everything? You've heard me. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. You've heard of the central limit theorem? What is central limit theorem? There you go. Right. So above a certain size that sizes. 30 samples. Right. So when you are building machine, learning classifier, it is generally that you have more than that samples, right? The number of samples that you have are 30. Otherwise ML classifier, banana. be a challenge in itself so for to a lot of things we fit a caution but that doesn't uh really say or you can't guarantee that the data actually fits to a normal right depends on what kind of uh data characteristics are there right for example some people some people uh model um arrival of trains arrival of buses right so if somebody is building a ml model for predicting the arrival time of buses in delhi metro sorry not metro in delhi so delhi may dtdc buses so delhi tourism key or delhi government buses to take people around the city right now if you want to estimate the arrival time of buses in delhi metro you can do that by using the model of arrival time of buses in delhi metro it's not just a model of buses but it's also a model of buses the arrival time of the buses you would have done these kinds of questions in prop stats course right what do you follow what kind of distribution it generally follows is it question it follows a poison distribution it doesn't follow caution right and poison is different from caution right so so if you fit a poison distribution the prediction rate that you will get or the prediction error that you will get will be a lot lower compared to if you put a caution but it's all about the errors it's all about the efficiency and accuracy right so in some cases panning works better in some cases having works better right so uh again uh this is your challenges with discontinuous borders that we discussed about that if you have a sharp decline uh there's a problem whereas if you have this kind of a border so uh with with tapered off border it is better right so that is your uh time-based window and this is how if so so look at this this is a bigger signal that you have right this is a bigger signal maybe spreading over a couple of seconds of audio signal that we have so what would you do you would first of all you would partition it so we have what we have these uh so you have these these partitions right so with these partitions let's say we said we'll take the signal that we have and we'll take the signal that we have and we'll take the signal that we have and we'll take uh 50 milliseconds a partition and operate on it or two milliseconds by a partition and we'll operate on this so this is here uh where is my mouse okay so this here is your first partition right then you take a 50 overlap this here would be your second partition then you take again 50 percent overlap then you again take 50 overlap and that is how your uh different windows will appear right and uh for for uh sorry for every window so let's say this is your window zero you'll perform the processing then for window one you'll perform the processing for window two you'll perform the processing and so on and so forth right after processing you get uh whatever operations you wanted to perform you perform those operations so for every window you get a small output small output small output and then you reconstruct it all back you combine it all back to get the reconstructed output right so this is this is the one that i was showing earlier right now how would you measure even doing curly right how would you measure the correctness of windowing is it good is it bad see for everything that we do